Update mediaonly.md (#66)
PyDrocsid/documentation: docs/cogs/moderation/mediaonly.md

# MediaOnly

> This cog contains the `mediaonly` command which can set up channels, in which only pictures can be send.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This cog contains the `mediaonly` command which can set up channels, in which only pictures can be sent.
```

```css
.[mediaonly|mo] <subcommand>
```
|Argument|Required|Description|
|:------:|:------:|:----------|
|`subcommand`|:heavy_check_mark:|a subcommand|

# Subcommands

## `add`

> The `add` subcommand sets up a mediaonly atribute to channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `add` subcommand adds a media-only attribute to the channel.
```

(`mediaonly.read` and `mediaonly.write` are required permissions)

```css
.mediaonly [add|a|+] <channel>
```
|Argument|Required|Description|
|:------:|:------:|:----------|
|`channel`|:heavy_check_mark:|The channel|

## `remove`

> The `remove` subcommand removes the mediaonly atribute channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `remove` subcommand removes the media-only attribute from the channel.
```

(`mediaonly.read` and `mediaonly.write` are required permissions)

```css
.mediaonly [remove|del|r|d|-] <channel>
```
|Argument|Required|Description|
|:------:|:------:|:----------|
|`channel`|:heavy_check_mark:|The channel|

## `list`

> Shows a list of all channel with the mediaonly atribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shows a list of all channels with the media-only attribute.
```

> (`mediaonly.read` is the rquired permission)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(`mediaonly.read` is the required permission)
```

# MediaOnly

> This cog contains the `mediaonly` command which can set up channels, in which only pictures can be sent.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This cog contains the `mediaonly` command to set up and manage channels only pictures can be sent to.
```

## `list`

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

The `list` subcommand shows a list of all media-only channels.

```css
.mediaonly [list|l|?]
```

Required Permissions:

- `mediaonly.read`

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

## `add`
The `add` subcommand sets the media-only flag for a given text channel.

```css
.mediaonly [add|a|+] <channel>
```

|Argument|Required|Description|
|:------:|:------:|:----------|
|`channel`|:heavy_check_mark:|The channel|

Required Permissions:

- `mediaonly.read`
- `mediaonly.write`

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```
